Copyright (c) 2014 by Stratovan Corporation. All Rights Reserved.

SOFTWARE LICENSE AND DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT

YOU SHOULD READ THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE AND
DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT (THE "LICENSE AGREEMENT") CAREFULLY BEFORE DOWNLOADING
OR USING THE SOFTWARE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU BY STRATOVAN CORPORATION (THE
"LICENSED SOFTWARE").  THE LICENSED SOFTWARE IS LICENSED (NOT SOLD).  BY
DOWNLOADING OR USING THE LICENSED SOFTWARE YOU ARE ACCEPTING AND AGREEING TO
THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT. IF YOU ARE NOT WILLING TO BE BOUND BY THE
TERMS OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT, YOU SHOULD NOT DOWNLOAD OR USE THE LICENSED
SOFTWARE. THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT REPRESENTS THE ENTIRE AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU
("LICENSEE") AND STRATOVAN CORPORATION ("LICENSOR") WITH RESPECT TO THE
LICENSED SOFTWARE, AND IT SUPERSEDES ANY PRIOR PROPOSAL, REPRESENTATION, OR
UNDERSTANDING BETWEEN THE PARTIES IN RELATION TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS
LICENSE


AGREEMENT.

1. DEFINITIONS: Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined in this
License Agreement shall have the following meanings:
       1.1 "End User" means an end user to whom Licensee sells, licenses or
       otherwise provides the Licensee Solution and who enters into an End User
       Agreement with Licensee.
 
       1.2 "End User Agreement" means the agreement between Licensee and an End
       User pursuant to which an End User is entitled to use the Licensee
       Solution, the terms and conditions of which shall not conflict with this
       Agreement.
 
       1.3 "Licensee Solution" means a technology solution resulting from the
       integration or use of the Licensed Software with software or technology
       owned or controlled by Licensee.
 
       1.4 "Object Code" means computer software compiled in binary
       machine-readable form and those associated human readable files that are
       customarily distributed with executable files, such as user
       documentation, notices, and other end-user materials.  Object Code does
       not include the form of computer software that is used by programmers to
       create or edit software.
 
       1.5 "Source Code" means a collection of computer programming statements
       or declarations written in a human-readable form that does not include
       software that is in Object Code form.
 	 
2. LICENSE GRANT: The Licensed Software is licensed to Licensee, and not sold.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this License Agreement, Licensor grants
Licensee a nonexclusive, non-transferable, revocable, royaltyfree, fully
paid-up license solely to: (a) use modify, adapt, translate, create derivative
works, reproduce and have reproduced, and distribute the Licensed Software in
Source Code and Object Code form solely for Licensee's own internal business
purposes and for purposes of integrating the Licensed Software with the
Licensee Solution, (b) license, sell, offer for sale, sublicense and authorize
the granting of sublicenses to End Users with respect to the Licensed Software
in Object Code form as integrated or used with the Licensee Solution, and (c)
make a reasonable number of copies of the Licensed Software as required for
Licensee to exercise its rights and perform its obligations hereunder. For the
avoidance of doubt, the license and rights granted to Licensee hereunder are
provided to Licensee free of charge.

3. RESTRICTIONS ON USE: Except as expressly permitted herein and as necessary
for Licensee to exercise its rights hereunder, Licensee will not, nor enable
others to, and will require End Users not to: (a) modify, adapt, translate or
create any derivative works of the Licensed Software; (b) attempt to circumvent
or disable the Licensed Software or any technology features or measures in the
Licensed Software including, without limitation, any access controls or
copyright protection mechanisms, by any means or in any manner; (c) attempt to
decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, or otherwise attempt to derive the
Source Code for the Licensed Software; (d) remove or alter any trademark, logo,
copyright or other proprietary notices, legends, symbols or labels in or on the
Licensed Software or used in connection with the Licensed Software; (e) use the
Licensed Software in any manner to aid in the violation of any Licensor or
third-party intellectual property rights, including without limitation
copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, and patents, or the applicable laws of
the jurisdictions in which Licensee is using the Licensed Software, including
without limitation libel, defamation, obscenity, and privacy-related torts; or
(f) use the Licensed Software in any manner that is in violation of any
applicable law or regulation.

4. LICENSEE COMPLIANCE: Licensee agrees to ensure that persons employed by
Licensee, or under Licensee's direction and control, abide by the terms and
conditions of this License Agreement.  In the event the Licensee becomes aware
that the Licensed Software is being used by such persons or any End User in a
manner not authorized by this License Agreement, Licensee shall immediately
notify Licensor in writing of such facts and Licensee shall immediately use all
reasonable efforts to have such unauthorized use of the Licensed Software
immediately cease, and to recover any copies of the Licensed Software that were
made in violation of this License Agreement.

5. RESERVATION OF RIGHTS: The Licensed Software and its component parts are
protected by copyright and other proprietary rights of Licensor and one or more
third party software vendors or licensors (each, a "Third Party Provider").
Licensor and these Third Party Providers reserve all rights with respect to the
Licensed Software, subject to the license granted pursuant to Section 2.
Licensee acknowledges and agrees that, except for the license expressly granted
to Licensee pursuant to Section 2, no right, title, interest or license in or
to the Licensed Software, whether by implication, estoppel or otherwise, is
granted, assigned or transferred to Licensee.  Licensee agrees not to take any
action that interferes with or challenges, in any manner, Licensor's or any
Third Party Provider's rights with respect to the Licensed Software.  Licensee
may be held directly responsible by applicable Third Party Providers for use of
the Licensed Software's component parts that are not authorized by this License
Agreement.  To the maximum extent permitted by law, Licensee waives all claims
and causes of action against all such Third Party Providers that arise under
this License Agreement or in connection with Licensee's use of, or inability to
use, the Licensed Software or its components.  No such Third Party Provider
will have any liability of any kind to Licensee in connection with any such
claims or causes of action.

6. TERMINATION: Without prejudice to any other Licensor rights, Licensor shall
have the right to immediately terminate this License Agreement at any time upon
notice to Licensee if the U.S. Government revokes Licensor's right to
distribute and license the Licensed Software or if Licensor determines in its
reasonable discretion that the licensing and distribution of the Licensed
Software presents a material risk to Licensor's business. Upon termination by
Licensor, Licensee must as promptly as practicable cease all use of the
Licensed Software and destroy all copies of the Licensed Software.

7. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES: THE LICENSED SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED TO LICENSEE "AS
IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, LICENSOR AND ITS THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS AND THEIR
RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING,
WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
RIGHTS OR LACK OF VIRUSES, AND ANY WARRANTIES REGARDING THE SECURITY,
RELIABILITY OR TIMELINESS OF THE LICENSED SOFTWARE. LICENSOR HAS NO OBLIGATION
TO PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS TO THE
LICENSED SOFTWARE UNLESS DIRECTED BY THE U.S. GOVERNMENT'S TRANSPORTATION
SECURITY ADMINISTRATION (TSA).

8.  LIMITATION OF LIABILITY: TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW,
IN NO EVENT SHALL LICENSOR OR ITS THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS OR THEIR RESPECTIVE
AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL,
PUNITIVE, OR OTHER DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DAMAGES FOR
LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF DATA, COMPUTER SYSTEM
FAILURE, MALFUNCTION OR OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS RELATING TO OR ARISING OUT OF THIS
LICENSE AGREEMENT OR THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE LICENSED SOFTWARE, EVEN
IF LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. BECAUSE SOME
JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR
CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO
LICENSEE. IN NO EVENT SHALL LICENSOR'S OR ANY THIRD PARTY PROVIDER'S TOTAL
LIABILITY TO LICENSEE FOR ALL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT
OR THE LICENSED SOFTWARE EXCEED FIFTY U.S.  DOLLARS ($50.00).  THE FOREGOING
LIMITATIONS, EXCLUSIONS AND DISCLAIMERS SHALL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EVEN IF ANY REMEDY FAILS ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

9. COMPLIANCE WITH LAW; EXPORT RESTRICTIONS: Licensee is solely responsible for
ensuring that its use and distribution of the Licensed Software complies with
all applicable laws and regulations. Licensor makes no representation that the
Licensed Software is appropriate for use in Licensee's or any End User's
country of use. Licensee acknowledges that no part of the Licensed Software or
underlying information or technology may be downloaded or otherwise exported or
reexported into (or to a national or resident of) any countries subject to
U.S. trade embargo (currently Iran, Cuba, Syria, North Korea, and Sudan), or
anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals
or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Denial Orders. By using the Licensed
Software, Licensee is agreeing to the foregoing, and is representing and
warranting that Licensee is not located in or under the control of a national
or resident of any applicable country or on any applicable list. Licensee
further acknowledges and understands that certain functionality of the Licensed
Software, such as encryption or authentication, may be subject to export and/or
import restrictions in the event Licensee transports the Licensed Software from
the country of delivery and Licensee is responsible for complying with all
applicable restrictions.

10. GOVERNING LAW: This License Agreement is governed by the laws of the State
of California excluding (a) its conflicts or choice of law rules, and (b) the
United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.
 
 
 
 
 
